bleh lord I think you must be asleep and
better wake him up what's wrong I'm
sorry I didn't mean to wake you
yeah well I I didn't mean to wake you
but I didn't mean to scare okay I didn't
mean to scare you too but I'm sorry
that's the crappiest apology but what
are you doing boy you sure are funny
what do you mean I'm funny didn't even
tell a joke or anything you should go to
that stand-up comedy in the club
comedian yeah that's the thing go to the
custom media thing over by oh yeah go
over there who the thing with the comedy
okay see you later you stupid mushroom
freak wow that was stranger hey Yoshi
what are you doing talking to that
retard
wait what return are you talking about
you know the fat idiot bird guy you were
just talking to his passed out over
there
we're talking again I heard that he
might be contagious
when I just rejected
we'll see where you in 15 creepy
freaking mushroom
oh man you again yeah yeah and why
aren't you gonna back me do club in but
watch going to the place for place you
know committee
extend up comedian yeah that's tingle
what do you mean I didn't say anything
funny why should I go there cuz you're
backing me up
thank you what you freak out why don't
people like stay with me why am i so
well
hi I wonder if I should we should go be
a stand-up comedian if I'm going to get
the stand-up comedian thing going I
better get ready I'm gonna practice for
this mirror until I feel confident why
bother
you suck damn he's right hmm better
practice some more okay here you why did
the chicken cross the road to get to the
other side hahaha okay I'm done after
hours and hours of practicing I think
I'm finally ready welcome welcome
I am told and I will be your stand-up
comedian for today first magic trick
I'll need an volunteer from the audience
what magic took you idiot this is a
stand-up comedian at you fool it's not a
magic show some jokes I'm gonna kill you
tough crowd okay
why didn't you can cross the road the
stupidest joke I've ever heard everyone
always knows that to get to the other
side give me something I'll laugh at you
freaking idiot looks like someone forgot
to take their Prozac okay uh jokester
your mama's so fat that uh last time she
saw 90210 was on the scale
mama is an eating disorder you two shut
the hell up man
oh man I got the job quick come on think
think think why did the chicken cross
the room already said that one you do
this play a real joke put on like show
you idiot I am NOT entertained I am
going to kill you
well you know what oh yes all right
that's it screw this whole thing I quit
that idiot I paid 10 bucks for a ticket
to this crappy show he's gonna pay
man oh I'm eating a Taco Bell hey I
smell Taco Bell can I hear you pervert
ah okay some price you freak yeah I
think I'm done now time to wipe my
heinie hello to your mind I'm trying to
take a crap here you cost me ten dollars
in a crappy comedy performance so much
just ten dollars I mean Sonic it's
$5,000 or something well yeah but still
the principal if you die yeah I prepared
some for you to die yeah what do you
think you're doing
yes huh yeah how do you like me now whoo
that was a close line
there's my idiot help you doing you
stupid a comedy anything I was so
terrible and I try to kill me when I was
taking a crap what advice I'm never
gonna trust your word again well I eat
enough meanness to be able to do this
your bean burrito